2	English to become compulsory for pilots - Telegraph	Mar 5, 2008 ... Pilots and air traffic controllers must now be able to speak English, new safety ...  the industry for decades, until now no minimum standards have been set. ... that  pilots and control towers throughout the world understand each other. ... they  have also been told by the Civil Aviation Authority to make sure they ...	https://www.telegraph.co.uk/travel/761307/English-to-become-compulsory-for-pilots.html
3	How to Become a Commercial Airline Pilot | Study Aviation in the US	The first thing you will need is a private pilot license, which will allow you to fly ...  Next, you will need a commercial pilot certificate, which allows you to receive ...  you to plan a flight, quiz you on aviation matters, and then accompany you on a  flight. ... While there is no college requirement to be a pilot, college shows that  you ...	https://www.internationalstudent.com/study-aviation/how-to-become-a-commercial-airline-pilot/
4	Becoming a pilot	You've landed at easyJet's one-stop guide to becoming a commercial pilot.  There's no other career that takes you to the thrilling (and literal) heights that  piloting an ... in the UK, EU or Switzerland, and the ability to speak and write in  fluent English. ... There's a couple of ways to get your Airline Transport Licence ( ATPL), and ...	http://becomeapilot.easyjet.com/
5	Commercial Airline Hiring Requirements - Flying for the Biggest ...	We have trained pilots for hundreds of different airlines and are proud of our  students ... airlines operating worldwide, we've researched the requirements for  you. The first requirement is to speak, listen, and communicate proficiently in  English, ... to complete your commercial flight training program no matter where  you train.	https://epicflightacademy.com/commercial-airline-hiring-requirements/
6	What should I study at school to become an airline pilot ...	A look at what you should study at school to maximise your chances of ... In order  to become a commercial airline pilot, just about all airlines require you ... that are  grades A – C (or equivalent) including Maths, English and Science. ... they have  even been issued with a licence, and this of course is with no guarantee of a job.	https://www.flightdeckfriend.com/what-should-i-study-at-school-to-become-a-pilot/
7	Learn to Fly or Train for Your Career – Victoria Flying Club	The Victoria Flying Club staff would be delighted to show you how they fit  together. ... you to develop a training program that will help you reach any of your  flying goals. ... into the wonderful world of flying, no matter which path you want to  follow. ... A pilot may hold a Commercial Pilot Licence at 18 years of age, and  hold an ...	http://flyvfc.com/learn-to-fly
8	Pilot training	You still have the belief that being a pilot, flying an own plane, taking your ... Until  you fly within national borders you can communicate in Hungarian with the ...  Pilot License) and/or CPL (Commercial Pilot License): if you are not satisfied with  ... must learn a lot more such as Instrumental Flight Rules, the use of English  radio, ...	http://flytechinnovation.hu/en/pilottraining/
9	How do I become a commercial airline pilot? - Pilot Career News	Dec 6, 2018 ... On the road to a career as a commercial pilot, you're going to have to make many  decisions – there's no 'normal' route to a job in the left-hand seat, there are many  ... you can fly commercial aircraft wearing glasses or contact lenses, as ...  Applicants for an ATPL licence must be at least 21 years old, and all ...	https://www.pilotcareernews.com/how-to-be-a-pilot/
10	Every Question You've Ever Had About Flying, Answered by a Pilot	May 10, 2017 ... To help your flying anxiety, a pilot answered all your questions ... That's why we  don't have planes crashing in the US. ... Basically, the learning experience there  is, don't go sightseeing near Mount Fuji. ... of time when the English-speaking  people and the French-speaking .... It doesn't matter, it never did.	https://www.thrillist.com/travel/nation/how-to-fly-commercial-pilot-flying-questions
