1	Did Jerry Zeifman Fire Hillary Clinton from the Watergate	Hillary Clinton was not fired from the House Judiciary Committee's Watergate  investigation by Chief Counsel Jerry Zeifman. ... supervisor during the Watergate  investigation and that he eventually fired her from the investigation for “unethical,  dishonest” conduct. ... How could a 27-year-old House staff member do all that?	https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/hillary-clinton-watergate/
3	The zombie claim that Hillary Clinton was fired during the Watergate ...	Sep 6, 2016 ... “As a 27 year old staff attorney for the House Judiciary Committee during the  Watergate investigation, Hillary Rodham was fired by her supervisor, lifelong  Democrat Jerry Zeifman. ... The article quoted Zeifman as saying: “She was a liar.  ... In a 2008 interview on “The Neal Boortz Show,” Zeifman was asked ...	https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2016/09/06/the-zombie-claim-that-hillary-clinton-was-fired-during-the-watergate-inquiry/
4	Hillary Clinton's Former Boss Says He Fired Her From an ...	Claims that 27-year-old Clinton was fired from the Watergate investigation in the  1970s ... Hillary Clinton's former boss fired her for unethical behavior while she  was ... "Jerry" Ziefman, former counsel to the House Judiciary Committee, and it  has been .... Jerry Zeifman, a lifelong Democrat, supervised the work of 27-year- old ...	https://www.truthorfiction.com/clinton-watergate/
5	Was Hillary Clinton Fired from the Nixon Impeachment Inquiry ...	Sep 12, 2016 ... But the chief counsel of the House Judiciary Committee did call her unethical and  dishonest. ... to the claim that Hillary Clinton was fired during the Watergate  inquiry, which has ... In neither of his books does Zeifman say he fired Clinton. ...  In 1999, nine years before the Calabrese interview, Zeifman told the ...	https://www.cato.org/blog/was-hillary-clinton-fired-nixon-impeachment-inquiry
6	As a 27 Year Old Staff Attorney for the House Judiciary Committee ...	As a 27 year old staff attorney for the House Judiciary Committee during the  Watergate investigation, Hillary Rodham was fired by her supervisor, lifelong  Democrat Jerry Zeifman. Hillary When asked why Hillary Rodham was fired,  Zeifman said in an ... She was an unethical, dishonest lawyer, she conspired to  violate the ...	https://me.me/i/as-a-27-year-old-staff-attorney-for-the-house-3836409
7	Hillary Rodham Clinton History	Jan 23, 2013 ... Hillary Clinton fired for lies, unethical behavior ... Jerry Zeifman, a lifelong  Democrat, supervised the work of 27-year-old Hillary Rodham on the committee.  ... “Because she was a liar,” Zeifman said in an interview last week. .... her  employment on the Nixon impeachment staff, I had not reported her unethical ...	http://www.eohistory.info/2013/hillaryHistory.htm
8	Is it true that Hillary Clinton was fired as a lawyer when she was 27 for	The Judiciary Committee was assisted by a permanent staff, on which attorney  Jerry Zeifman ... Zeifman said he maintained a transcribed diary during the  impeachment proceedings, ... How could a 27-year-old House staff member do  all that? ..... FALSE: Jerry Zeifman Fired Hillary Clinton from the Watergate  Investigation.	https://www.quora.com/Is-it-true-that-Hillary-Clinton-was-fired-as-a-lawyer-when-she-was-27-for-being-an-unethical-dishonest-lawyer-who-conspired-to-violate-the-Constitution-the-rules-of-the-House-the-rules-of-the-committee-and-the-rules-of-confidentiality
9	Watergate-era judiciary chief: Hillary Clinton fired for lies, unethical ...	Mar 31, 2008 ... Jerry Zeifman, a lifelong Democrat, supervised the work of 27-year-old ... When  the investigation was over, Zeifman fired Hillary from the ... “Because she was a  liar,” Zeifman said in an interview last week. “She was an unethical, dishonest  lawyer. ... How could a 27-year-old House staff member do all that?	https://www.westernjournal.com/hermancain/watergate-era-judiciary-chief-hillary-clinton-fired-for-lies-unethical-behavior/
10	Was Hillary Clinton fired from the Watergate investigation? - Quora	She was with the committee until it was disbanded following Nixon's resignation.  ... The guy who made the claims that he fired her wasn't her boss, didn't have ... of  Hillary Clinton getting fired by her Democratic boss on the Watergate committee?  .... Jerry Zeifman, who claims to be her boss but in fact was not, says he did not ...	https://www.quora.com/Was-Hillary-Clinton-fired-from-the-Watergate-investigation
