2	Can Freezing Plastic Water Bottles Cause Cancer?	Dec 6, 2018 ... Dioxin is a man-made compound that has been linked to a variety of health ... any  claims that the substances used to make plastics can leach into foods. ... Limiting  processed foods and red meats can help ward off cancer risk. ... the freezing of  plastic bottles meets these criteria, it would be safe to say that ...	https://www.verywellhealth.com/freezing-plastic-water-bottles-513629
3	FACT CHECK: Microwaving Plastic Releases Cancer-Causing Agents	Apr 3, 2007 ... Dioxin Carcinogens causes cancer. ... Dioxin Carcinogens cause cancer.  Especially breast cancer. Don't freeze plastic water bottles with water in them as  this also ... Chemicals can be released from plastic packaging materials like the  ... are found in plastic items, and heat tends to allow them to break free.	https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/plastic-tac-toe/
4	Reused PET plastic drink bottles are not a cancer risk - Cancer ...	However these institutions deny any involvement and do not endorse the ... It is  not clear if plastics used in water bottles contain dioxins and there is no evidence  that dioxins are produced when plastics are heated as opposed to burned in an  ... with respect to their carcinogenicity (cancer causing properties) to humans.	https://www.cancercouncil.com.au/86097/cancer-information/general-information-cancer-information/cancer-questions-myths/environmental-and-occupational-carcinogens/reused-pet-plastic-drink-bottles-are-not-a-cancer-risk/
5	Can plastic water bottles cause cancer?	Is it really true that plastics can contaminate water or food? ... For instance, there  is an infamous email circulating saying that leaving plastic water bottles in the  sun can cause chemicals to leach into the water ... The BPA may be released if  you heat them up or put detergent on them. .... Which painkiller should you take?	https://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/articles/3JYPnFyHfjDB0jTJFSw97ms/can-plastic-water-bottles-cause-cancer
6	Don't Drink Bottled Water Left in Car?	Dec 7, 2018 ... Reusable ... The heat reacts with the chemicals in the plastic of the bottle which ...  Dioxin chemical causes cancer, especially breast cancer. ... freeze plastic bottles  with water in them as this releases dioxins from the ... Disposable water bottles  do not contain bisphenol A (BPA), .... Green plastic lids close up.	https://www.thoughtco.com/viral-warning-dont-drink-bottled-water-left-in-car-3299593
7	Plastics and Cancer Risk	It is important to follow directions to store, heat ... cancer but neither are classed  as being carcinogenic ... Freezing water in plastic bottles is not a risk because ...  begin to deteriorate (break down) use a new one. ... plastic may release  chemicals which could be harmful. ... chemicals contained in PVC to make it  flexible, can.	https://auckland-northland.cancernz.org.nz/assets/Nutrition-and-physical-activity/Information-sheets/1146-CSNAT-IS-plastics-and-cancer-risk-07112012.pdf
8	What numbers of plastic are safe for water bottles? The Numbers ...	People have been told to recycle plastic bottles and containers but what will ...  chemical) discharge from water bottles that have been placed in the heat for ...  not break down under exposure to sunlight or extremes of heating or freezing. ...  Products made of HDPE are reusable and recyclable like the stiff plastic used to  make ...	https://theberkey.com/blogs/water-filter/what-numbers-of-plastic-for-water-bottles-are-safe-for-you-the-numbers-behind-plastic-bottles
9	20 Ways to Give Up Plastic (And the Toxins in It)	Because the toxins in plastic can cause health problems, you should avoid ...  PET is used for water and soft drink bottles, mouthwash bottles, containers for ...  While LDPE does not contain BPA, it can leach estrogenic chemicals, much like  HDPE. ... When heated, polystyrene can release styrene, a suspected nerve toxin  and ...	https://www.smallfootprintfamily.com/avoiding-toxins-in-plastic
10	Plastic Wrap and Plastic Food Containers: Are They Safe? | National ...	Emails continue to circulate about the dangers of using plastic wrap in the  microwave. ... that dioxin, a known carcinogen, is released from plastic wrap into  food when heated. ... in them break down over time, which means they can  potentially release ... If you carry a reusable water bottle, switch to stainless steel  or look for a ...	http://www.center4research.org/plastic-wrap-plastic-food-containers-safe/
