2	Amy Bruce Charity Hoax - Hoax-Slayer	Mar 28, 2017 ... Email claims that 7-year-old Amy Bruce is dying of lung cancer and a brain ... I  also have a large tumor in my brain, from repeated beatings. ... The Make A Wish  Foundation, has agreed to donate 7 cents for every time this ... Later versions of  the hoax include a graphic of a child's face (shown in the above ...	https://www.hoax-slayer.net/amy-bruce-charity-hoax/
3	FACT CHECK: American Cancer Society Hoax	Will the American Cancer Society donate three cents to cancer research for every  e-mail ... This “dying child chain letter” hoax now circulating on the net victimizes  the ... and cancer association will donate 3 cents [for every e-mail forwarded] to  help .... I am 7 years old, and I have severe lung cancer from second hand smoke .	https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/american-cancer-society-hoax/
4	Amy Bruce Charity Hoax Revisited - Hoax-Slayer	Feb 22, 2018 ... Message circulating via social media claims that 7 year old cancer ... old cancer  patient Amy Bruce will soon die if her family does not receive help to ... I am 7  years old, and I have a large tumor on my brain and severe lung cancer. ...  variant of a hoax that has circulated via email since way back in 1999.	https://www.hoax-slayer.net/amy-bruce-charity-hoax-revisited/
5	Linda Singh - Blackberry Money for Forwarding Hoax	Mar 22, 2013 ... Text message claims that smart phone company Blackberry will help fund ... a  seriously ill girl named Linda Singh by donating 10 cents every time the text is  forwarded. ... that you could help 7-year-old Amy Bruce just by forwarding an  email: ... I also have a large tumor in my brain, from repeated beatings.	https://www.hoax-slayer.com/linda-singh-blackberry-charity-hoax.shtml
6	Hoaxes and Urban Legends: Forwarding email will help child with ...	Whenever you receive an email that urges you to immediately forward that ... bills  of a child dying from cancer for every address you forward this email to. ... Amy  Bruce Charity Hoax (urbanlegends.about.com) ... AOL will donate five cents for  baby's brain cancer operation ... I am 7 years old, and I have severe lung cancer .	https://joewein.net/hoax/hoax-make-a-wish.htm
7	Ahmad Khaled Abu Rumman Make-A-Wish Foundation Hoax	Message claims that, every time the email is forwarded, the Make-A-Wish ... The  Make A Wish Foundation has agreed to donate 7 GROSH for every time This ...  that 20 year old Ahmad Khaled Abu Rumman has lung cancer and a brain tumor  and ... This version is a virtual clone of the long running Amy Bruce Charity Hoax,  ...	https://www.hoax-slayer.com/ahmad-khaled-make-a-wish-hoax.shtml
8	Amy Bruce Charity Forward Messages, Make A Wish Foundation ...	Mar 28, 2017 ... I also have a large tumor in my brain, from repeated beatings. ... is suffering with  severe lung cancer and a large tumour in her brain ... The story in question, the  charity messages from 7 year old girl Amy Bruce has been circulating through  emails since many years, requesting 'kind people' to forward the ...	http://www.hoaxorfact.com/web/amy-bruce-charity-forward-messages-make-a-wish-foundation-hoax.html
9	Beware of Make-A-Wish Foundation Charity Hoaxes	Apr 2, 2017 ... This is because the Make-A-Wish Foundation does not participate in these kinds  of wishes. ... Amy Bruce, who is suffering from a brain tumor and lung cancer, will  ... Foundation each time her letter is forwarded via e-mail or shared on ... This  chain e-mail claims that Anthoney Hebrank, a sick 9-year-old boy ...	https://www.onlinethreatalerts.com/article/2017/4/2/beware-of-make-a-wish-foundation-charity-hoaxes/
10	The Amy Bruce 'Make A Wish Foundation' Hoax - ThatsNonsense.com	May 11, 2017 ... A chain email is circulating that claims the Make A Wish Foundation will donate  money every time a message is circulated to a girl called Amy Bruce who has  lung cancer. An example ... I am 7 years old, and I have severe lung cancer . I  also have a large tumor in my brain, from repeated beatings. Doctors ...	https://www.thatsnonsense.com/amy-bruce-make-wish-foundation-hoax/
