2	The Organ Harvesting Urban Legend Is Actually True – OMGFacts	Waking up in a bathtub full of ice with a kidney missing was the original ice  bucket ... This urban legend has been told for decades with only slightly different  variants. ... Unlike other urban legends, though, this one has caused mass panic  more ... drugging tourists and harvesting their organs on the black market  became so ...	https://omgfacts.com/the-organ-harvesting-urban-legend-is-actually-true/
3	Made to Stick: Introduction - Heath Brothers Heath Brothers	The operator said, “Sir, don't panic, but one of your kidneys has been harvested.  There's a ring of organ thieves operating in this city, and they got to you. ... You've  just read one of the most successful urban legends of the past fifteen years. ... (1)  the drugged drink, (2) the ice-filled bathtub, and (3) the kidney-theft punch line.	https://heathbrothers.com/made-to-stick-introduction/
4	The Truth About Sensational Kidney Thefts	Feb 19, 2008 ... Stories of organ theft proliferate on the Internet, and surface once in a while ...  types of organ-snatching stories: One involves a traveling businessman who  meets up with a femme fatale, is drugged, and wakes up with an organ missing.  ... but he woke up the next day to find that a kidney had been removed.	https://www.livescience.com/4826-truth-sensational-kidney-thefts.html
5	Kidney Stealing Hoax	Apr 14, 2004 ... The story is an old urban legend that has been passed around in various ...  Identity theft is one of the fastest growing crimes in the world. ... Dont only look at  the Nude, but read and share, be safe and attentive !! 1 .... travellers are drugged  and subsequently wake up in a bathtub of ice and discover that their ...	https://www.hoax-slayer.com/kidney-stealing-hoax.html
6	Organ Trafficking Is No Myth	Jan 9, 2009 ... Two surgeons in the room had also been named repeatedly. ... "In books and  movies, you find these stories of people waking up in bathtubs full of ice with a  scar where one of their kidneys used to be. ... Central America only to harvest  their organs led to brutal attacks on American tourists in the region.	https://www.newsweek.com/organ-trafficking-no-myth-78079
7	The Urban Legend of "The Kidney Thieves"	The next thing she knew, she woke up completely naked in a bathtub filled with  ice. ... a sham, the people involved had to be at least medical students and it was  not just ... The operator knows that both of the traveler's kidneys had been  harvested. ... wake up in a hotel room bath tub, their body submerged to their  neck in ice, ...	http://www.urbanlegends-myths.com/stolenkidney/kidneythieves.html
8	The Kidney Thieves: How an Urban Legend Increased Risks	Jul 22, 2018 ... Do kidney thieves really drug tourists and remove their organs for sale ... Las  Vegas—where an unsuspecting tourist was drugged in his hotel room ... up the  next morning, supposedly, in a bathtub full of ice, minus a kidney. ... One of his  kidneys had been removed, cleanly and professionally. .... Just a drop ...	https://www.thoughtco.com/kidney-thieves-3299488
9	Organ Theft - TV Tropes	Organ Theft, as the name would imply, is the practice of stealing people's ... And if  you even look at him, you'd wake up a bathtub full of ice with your kidneys gone!  ... drugged into unconsciousness, and then wakes up kidney-less in a bathtub full  of ... You'll be hard pressed to find a Hippocratic Oath-bound surgeon willing to ...	https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/OrganTheft
10	Why Do Urban Legends Go Viral?	Jan 22, 2016 ... tionally explore those linguistic characteristics that make them appealing and ...  Drugged travelers awaken in ice-filled bathtubs only to dis- cover one of their  kidneys has been harvested by organ thieves. Facebook users can ...	https://arxiv.org/pdf/1601.06081
