2	Bermuda Triangle Theories That Will Stun You	The planes and ships have been victims to different circumstances ... The air  bombs can blast and send out winds to the ocean beneath at speeds of up ...  Read Hexagonal clouds over Bermuda Triangle to know about it all. ... There are  actually many Blue Holes in Bahamas water area... these are large underwater  caves or ...	https://www.bermuda-attractions.com/bermuda2_000061.htm
3	The Bermuda Triangle Mystery	Oct 21, 2016 ... Experts Claim They Might Have 'Solved' The Bermuda Triangle Mystery ... the  discovery of strange, hexagonal-shaped clouds covering the region. ... (65 mph)  that act as "air bombs" to sink ships and bring down planes. ... There are actually  no extra unexplained plane crashes and shipwrecks in the area, ...	https://www.sciencealert.com/experts-claim-they-might-have-have-solved-the-bermuda-triangle-mystery
4	Could mysterious hexagonal clouds in Bermuda Triangle caused by ...	Oct 21, 2016 ... Hexagon clouds over the Bermuda Triangle (Image: Science Channel) ... Using  radar satellites to measure what was happening beneath the clouds ... of more  than 45ft high as “air bombs” are forced to come crashing down towards the  ocean ... of hexagonal shapes over the ocean are in essence air bombs.	https://www.mirror.co.uk/news/weird-news/mysterious-hexagonal-clouds-bermuda-triangle-9093365
5	Bermuda Triangle - Wikipedia	The Bermuda Triangle, also known as the Devil's Triangle or Hurricane Alley, is a  loosely-defined region in the western part of the North Atlantic Ocean, where a  number of aircraft and ships are said to have disappeared under mysterious  circumstances. Most reputable sources dismiss the idea that there is any mystery.  ... The earliest suggestion of unusual disappearances in the Bermuda area ...	https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bermuda_Triangle
6	Bermuda Triangle mystery SOLVED: Scientists discover killer ...	Oct 21, 2016 ... The Bermuda Triangle mystery may have been solved after scientists spotted  HEXAGONAL clouds over the region. ... over 45 feet high – as 'air bombs' are  forced to come crashing down towards the ocean. ... Soon after it was discovered  that the large holes in the ground were likely caused by the release ...	https://www.express.co.uk/news/science/723457/Bermuda-triangle-mystery-microburst-uss-cyclops
7	The Bermuda Triangle: A Breeding Ground for Rogue Waves or a Pit ...	Aug 2, 2018 ... Many tales have been told about the Bermuda Triangle. ... Bermuda Triangle, a  mysterious stretch of ocean between Bermuda, ... [Gallery: Lost in the Bermuda  Triangle] ... "There is no doubt this area is prone to rogue waves," Simon Boxall,  ... a rogue, or "freak," wave that can be over 100 feet (30 m) high.	https://www.livescience.com/63242-bermuda-triangle-rogue-waves.html
8	Bermuda Triangle Mystery Solved? Probably Not, Say Scientists	Oct 23, 2016 ... Has the Bermuda Triangle mystery been solved? ... “The satellite imagery is  really bizarre…the hexagonal shapes of the cloud ... As mentioned above,  according to Cerveny, these blasts of air can create ... Such powerful winds could  disrupt the travel of boats and planes, causing them crash or sink.	https://www.inquisitr.com/3630001/bermuda-triangle-mystery-solved-probably-not-say-scientists/
9	What actually happens in the Bermuda Triangle? - Quora	Bermuda Triangle is the greatest unsolved mystery of the modern age. Also  called Devil's Triangle. It is a triangular shaped area in the North Atlantic Ocean,  from Bermuda ... as a result can lower the water density and cause ships to sink  like a rock. ... In fact based on accidents recorded, the most dangerous water  areas are ...	https://www.quora.com/What-actually-happens-in-the-Bermuda-Triangle
10	Astronomy Picture of the Day Archive	2018 August 19: Asperitas Clouds Over New Zealand 2018 August 18: .... 2018  March 05: The Hubble Ultra Deep Field in Light and Sound 2018 March 04: ...	https://apod.nasa.gov/apod/archivepix.html
