1	Obama Declares November National Muslim Appreciation Month	President Obama has not announced a nationwide Muslim outreach program for  children grades K-12 nor a Muslim Appreciation Month.	https://www.snopes.com/politics/satire/muslimmonth.asp
3	No, Obama has NOT Declared December As National Muslim ...	Nov 17, 2015 ... According to a report that is currently making its way around the interwebs at  speed, US President Obama has declared December 2015 as 'National Muslim  Appreciation Month'. The report, which is published on a website that – at first  glance – appears to be associated with Fox News , notes that:.	http://www.hoax-slayer.net/no-obama-has-not-declared-december-as-national-muslim-appreciation-month/
4	HOAX: Obama Declares December National Muslim Month	Nov 15, 2015 ... Posted on FoxNews.com.hk, November 7, 2015: Obama Declares December As  National Muslim Appreciation Month. Written by: Darius Rubics. Washington, DC  — President Barack Obama held a press conference today to announce his  decision which will make the month of December 'National Muslim ...	https://www.thoughtco.com/december-national-muslim-appreciation-month-3298759
5	Obama Didn't Declare "National Muslim Appreciation Month"	Nov 19, 2015 ... The story is fake. This is the third year in a row we have seen this false story  circulate online in increasingly heavy volume. In 2013 and 2014, the month of  choice was said to be November, while in 2015 the false report claims it is  December. The article from which this claim originated was published on the ...	http://wafflesatnoon.com/obama-muslim-appreciation/
6	President Obama Declared November National Muslim Appreciation ...	Sep 27, 2013 ... Washington, DC — President Barack Obama held a press conference to  announce that he is declaring the month of November 'National Muslim  Appreciation Month'. “The Muslim community deserves our full acceptance and  respect,” Obama told reporters. “We have killed millions of Muslims overseas ...	https://www.truthorfiction.com/obama-muslim-appreciation-day-092813/
7	Did President Obama Declare December 'National Muslim ...	Nov 19, 2015 ... In the wake of the Paris and Beirut terrorist attacks, the conservative media has  made an all-out attempt to somehow tie these acts to President Obama. In the  years that he has been president, they have tried to paint him as being indifferent  or even sympathetic to radical Islam.	https://forwardprogressives.com/did-president-obama-declare-december-national-muslim-appreciation-month/
8	Obama Declares International Muslim Awareness Month	Oct 17, 2014 ... The story began its sad and sorry life on the fake-news website National Report  in late 2013, with an article titled 'Obama Declares November National Muslim  Appreciation Month'. Since then, versions of the report have been posted on  various other websites with minor changes to the title and text. And, the ...	http://www.hoax-slayer.com/fake-news-international-muslim-awareness-month.shtml
9	Weaponized Islamic State Ebola, Obama's Marijuana Auctions, and ...	Nov 28, 2014 ... A screenshot of National Report's masthead. A recent article on Obama's plan to  declare November "National Muslim Appreciation Month" reads like a regular  news story up until the very end, when readers are urged to direct questions and  comments to "the 24-hour National Muslim Appreciation Hotline.	https://news.vice.com/article/weaponized-islamic-state-ebola-obamas-marijuana-auctions-and-the-art-of-fake-news
10	'Obama Proclaims August International Muslim Awareness Month ...	Jun 29, 2014 ... It publishes false reports taken from the National Report. Previously, National  Report has published similar fake reports titled 'Obama Declares November  National Muslim Appreciation Month' and 'Obama Administration Announces  Nationwide Muslim Outreach Program For Children Grades K-1' which ...	http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/obama-proclaims-august-international-muslim-awareness-month-revealed-hoax-1454622
11	Presidential Proclamation -- National Native American Heritage ...	Oct 31, 2016 ... NOW, THEREFORE, I, BARACK OBAMA, President of the United States of  America, by virtue of the authority vested in me by the Constitution and the laws  of the United States, do hereby proclaim November 2016 as National Native  American Heritage Month. I call upon all Americans to commemorate this ...	https://obamawhitehouse.archives.gov/the-press-office/2016/10/31/presidential-proclamation-national-native-american-heritage-month-2016
