2	Fake News: Horrific "#Frazzledrip" Hillary Clinton Snuff Film NOT ...	Apr 16, 2018 ... Is there a video named "Frazzledrip" circulating on the dark web that shows  Hillary ... An "extreme snuff film" featuring Hillary Clinton and Huma Abedin  raping and mutilating a prepubescent girl is circulating on the dark ... dark web  since Monday, according to reliable sources who have viewed the material ...	https://hoax-alert.leadstories.com/3469246-fake-news-horrific-hillary-clinton-snuff-film-circulating-on-dark-web.html
3	'Horrific' Hillary Clinton Snuff Film Circulating On Dark Web | Buddylist	An “extreme snuff film” featuring Hillary Clinton and Huma Abedin raping and  mutilating a prepubescent girl is circulating on the dark web, according to ...  Journalist Who Exposed Mueller Wiping Anti-Trump Texts Found Dead ..... The  video, code named Frazzledrip, has been circulating on the dark web since  Monday, ...	https://www.buddylist.co/posts/horrific-hillary-clinton-snuff-film-circulating-on-dark-web
4	'Horrific' Hillary Clinton Snuff Film Circulating On Dark Web	Apr 15, 2018 ... An "extreme snuff film" featuring Hillary Clinton and Huma Abedin raping and  mutilating a prepubescent girl is circulating on the dark web. ... on the dark web  since Monday, according to reliable sources who have viewed the .... “This is a  nightmarish snuff film featuring the mutilation and rape of a young girl.	https://yournewswire.com/hillary-clinton-film-dark-web/
5	BREAKING: Horrific Clinton snuff video found on Dark Web, UN ...	An “extreme snuff film” featuring Hillary Clinton and Huma Abedin raping and  mutilating a prepubescent girl is circulating on the dark web, ... The video, code  named Frazzledrip, has been circulating on the dark web since ... but the specific  implication of hc and her aide in the OP 's posted story above ...	https://www.theapricity.com/forum/archive/index.php/t-243336.html
6	“Remember how I said what I said, and how everyone got so mad ...	Jul 17, 2018 ... “An “extreme snuff film” featuring Hillary Clinton and Huma Abedin raping and  mutilating ... The video, code named Frazzledrip, has been circulating on the dark  web since ... Hollywood movies purposely scare kids to increase their ..... has to  be true never seen him bumpin a lady so must lyke menzzzzz first ...	http://markmaynard.com/2018/07/remember-how-i-said-what-i-said-and-how-everyone-got-so-mad-well-i-actually-meant-the-opposite/
