2	Fake News: Superstar DJ Avicii Found Dead But Did NOT Expose ...	Apr 27, 2018 ... Swedish-born producer DJ Avicii died under suspicious circumstances while he  was trying to use music videos to expose a pedophile ring ...	https://hoax-alert.leadstories.com/3469311-fake-news-superstar-dj-avicii-found-dead-after-exposing-pedophile-ring.html
3	Superstar DJ Avicii Found Dead After Exposing Pedophile Ring	Disturbing links between the death of Avicii and the elite pedophile rings he was  ... with friends of the DJ and producer stating the 28-year-old multi-millionaire had  ... Swedish superstar DJ Avicii died under suspicious circumstances last week  while in ... By appearing as one of the grown-up children in the video, Avicii  clearly ...	https://newspunch.com/dj-avicii-dead-pedophile-ring/
4	Met police backs claim that VIP paedophile abuse ring killed three ...	Dec 18, 2014 ... Scroll down for video ... The alleged victim, known only as Nick, says he was  molested from the age ... 2014: Police appeal over VIP Westminster paedophile  ring ... A recent Home Office inquiry failed to uncover the file, and Theresa May ...  Carole Kasir – reported to have died in suspicious circumstances by ...	https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2879025/Westminster-paedophile-ring-linked-murders-THREE-young-boys-detectives.html
5	Swedish DJ Avicii Found Dead After Exposing Elite Pedophile Ring ...	Apr 28, 2018 ... Since the tragic death of Swedish DJ, Avicii, evidence of the work he ... Friends  and colleagues of the music star, born Ted Bergling, are ... DJ and producer died  suddenly under suspicious circumstances in Muscat, Oman. ... At the end of the  video, it is exposed that the elite pedophile ring Avicii had in his ...	https://neonnettle.com/news/4107-swedish-dj-avicii-found-dead-after-exposing-elite-pedophile-ring
6	Music Archive: International Mens Organisation	Superstar DJ Avicii Found Dead After Exposing Pedophile Ring ... with friends of  the DJ and producer stating the 28-year-old multi-millionaire had dedicated the ...  Swedish superstar DJ Avicii died under suspicious circumstances last week  while in ... In the video the leader is killed and “pedophile” is branded on his body .	http://www.intmensorg.com/soldmysoul.htm
7	59 Best Rock 'n' Roll Legends images | Rock, Best rock bands ...	When it comes to rock music and the entire history of rock and roll, the artists on  this ... This video gives us what everyone needs to know about .... out in hits such  as “Born To Be Wild” and “Magic Carpet Ride,” died Tuesday, Aug. of a heart  attack. ..... Jimi Hendrix is a fantastic guitarist that I try to use for musical  inspiration.	https://www.pinterest.com/legacycom/rock-n-roll-legends/
8	Anthony Bourdain Must Die. But Exactly Who Killed Him?	Harvey Weinstein and the Mossad are in cahoots, why should it come as surprise  if ... Rumor also has it Bourdain is about to expose a massive pedophile scandal  ... Was Anthony Bourdain About To Expose An Elite Pedophile Ring? ... Swedish  superstar DJ Avicii died under suspicious circumstances last week while in ...	https://goodizen.com/anthony-bourdain-must-die-but-who-killed-him/
9	Upcoming - Go To It	Mar 13, 2014 ... Ideas on fun things to do in Boston, with nightlife, music, events, ... This event  began in 2000 when a few Bostonians were trying to ... as well as extensive  photos and video of the runners in their holiday finery. ...... DJ and producer has  been away from his native Sweden while ...... under any circumstances.	https://www.boston.com/thingstodo/gotoit/upcoming/
10	Real-Life Nazi GOP Congressional Candidate: 'Yes, I Deny the ...	Feb 8, 2018 ... Art Jones, an actual Nazi and Holocaust denier poised to become the GOP  candidate for Congress in Illinois, speaks out in CNN interview. ... Candidate in  Insane Interview: 'Yes, I Deny the Holocaust!' (Video) ... During his interview with  Camerota, Jones also blasted what he called the “Jew party” system.	https://www.thewrap.com/gop-nazi-congress-candidate-yes-i-deny-holocaust-cnn-alisyn-camerota/
